We propose a syntax of it-clefts using Tree-Local Multi- Component Tree Adjoining Grammar and a compositional semantics on the proposed syntax using Synchronous Tree Adjoining Grammar.
We present a learning-based method to identify single-snippet answers to definition questions in question answering systems for document collections.
We present a constraint-based case frame lexicon architecture for bi-directional mapping between a syntactic case frame and a semantic frame.
We propose a method of using associative	strength	among	morphemes,morpho-syntactic patterns, and syntactic categories to solve the ambiguities of segmentation and part-of-speech.
We present a probabilistic bilingual capitalization model for capitalizing machine translation outputs using conditional random fields.
Unification of disjunctive feature descriptions is important for efficient unification-based parsing.
statistical lexical head- outward transducers.
We describe an implementation of a hybrid statistical/symbolic approach to repairing parser failures in a speech-to-speech translation system.
We present a constraint-based syntax-semantics interface for the construction of RMRS (Robust Minimal Recursion Semantics) representations from shallow grammars.
idf based method.
(Unification Categorial Grammar).
We formalize weighted dependency parsing as searching for maximum spanning trees (MSTs) in directed graphs.
The model uses syntactic patterns and N-grams reflecting the hierarchical discourse structures of dialogues.
This paper describes a project tagging a spontaneous speech corpus with morphological information such as word segmentation and parts-ofspeech.
We propose a method of using associative	strength	among	morphemes,morpho-syntactic patterns, and syntactic categories to solve the ambiguities of segmentation and part-of-speech.
We present a probabilistic bilingual capitalization model for capitalizing machine translation outputs using conditional random fields.
We propose a method for semi-automatic classi-fication of verbs to Levin classes via the seman-tic network of WordNet.
We describe a corpus-based induction algorithm for probabilistic context-free grammars.
We compute frequencies of unigrams, bigrams, and trigrams of word classes in order to further refine the disambiguation.
statistical lexical head- outward transducers.
This paper describes machine learning based parsing and question classification for question answering.
We propose a kana-kanji conversion system with input support based on prediction.
in Machine Translation).
We present a constraint-based syntax-semantics interface for the construction of RMRS (Robust Minimal Recursion Semantics) representations from shallow grammars.
We present a linguistically-motivated algorithm for reconstructing nonlocal dependency in broad-coverage context-free parse trees derived from treebanks.
We formalize weighted dependency parsing as searching for maximum spanning trees (MSTs) in directed graphs.
